ARROW-16292: [Java][Doc] Upgrade java documentation for JSE17/JSE18 (#12990)
apache/arrow: docs/source/java/install.rst

        </build>
    </project>

> For users that consume Arrow Java through JSE17/JSE18, please remember to
> add modules needed. As an example if you are testing Java Arrow dependencies
> and seeing error like `module java.base does not opens java.nio` please
> consider to add ``--add-opens=java.base/java.nio=ALL-UNNAMED``.

Reviewer: This is a little vague. What is needed exactly?

```suggestion
When using Java 17 or later, some JDK internals must be exposed by
adding ``--add-opens=java.base/java.nio=ALL-UNNAMED``. Otherwise,
you may see errors like ``module java.base does not "opens
java.nio" to unnamed module``.
```

> Plugin configuration: Just for your test execution created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, when running unit tests through Maven:
```

.. code-block::

    <build>
        <plugins>
            <plugin>
                <groupId>org.apache.maven.plugins</groupId>
                <artifactId>maven-surefire-plugin</artifactId>
                <version>3.0.0-M6</version>
                <configuration>
                        <argLine>--add-opens=java.base/java.nio=ALL-UNNAMED</argLine>
                </configuration>
            </plugin>
        </plugins>
    </build>

Environment variables: To execute your Arrow Java main code.

.. code-block::

>     _JAVA_OPTIONS="--add-opens=java.base/java.nio=ALL-UNNAMED" mvn exec:java -Dexec.mainClass="YourMainCode"

Reviewer: Can this be configured in `pom.xml` somehow?

Author: Uhmm, let me figure out if there are some plugins available, but, initially I could say no way to do that.

Author: Hi @lidavidm, I didn't find a plugin to configure environment variable as needed on the pom.xml directly.

Author: There is a [exec-maven-plugin](https://www.mojohaus.org/exec-maven-plugin/) but not able to pass argLine needed

Reviewer: Ok, sounds good
